HADOOP-18246. Reduce lower limit on s3a prefetching/caching block size to 1 byte. (#5120)
apache/hadoop: hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/site/markdown/tools/hadoop-aws/prefetching.md

|`fs.s3a.prefetch.block.size`    |Size of a block    |`8M`    |
|`fs.s3a.prefetch.block.count`    |Number of blocks to prefetch    |`8`    |

> Although, default size of the block for prefetching the input stream is 8 MB, 
> minimum size allowed to set is 1 byte for a block.
> User should set the block size with the understanding that smaller block sizes increases the number of blocks.
> Thus, smaller block size affects the performance by increasing the overhead for reading and prefetching
> each block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default size of a block is 8MB, and the minimum allowed block size is 1 byte. 
Decreasing block size will increase the number of blocks to be read for a file. 
A smaller block size may negatively impact performance as the number of prefetches required will increase. 
```
